this is a it sounds really good to me
I'm kind of picky about petals now it's
your super clean really really clean and
those of you who've been following some
other I reviews on loudspeakers and the
amps and stuff clean has become really
important to me because as I get older
there's this stuff that I don't like
hearing anymore
especially when I play live and noise
because you're in noisy rooms a lot so
noise extra noise coming off of stuff
kind of just it irritates me now so I
love that this is a it's really super
transparent right it sounds like a piece
of studio gear sounds like there's no
noise you can tell it's on when I flip
the switch you didn't but all of a
sudden start hearing hiss right it it
sounds like when you're in a studio and
everything's on and you bring up those
faders and there's just clean quiet okay
so that's a real plus
I love that it's a simple pedal hmm I
love that it tells you the gain
reduction here in with that little light
meter because most compressors don't
even if they're great they don't have
any kind of reading to tell you what
their what the gain reduction actually
kind of looks like where where it is in
terms of the DV meter which sometimes is
helpful so it's a really well-made pedal
like I said we're giving this pedal away
unfortunately I do not get to keep it
and that's really bumming me out right
now it's a giveaway for the msi hit list
show we're working a lot with msi lately
and so that show information on
Wednesday will be in the text part of
the review make sure you check that out
and you know stick around and check out
the stuff that we're doing because you
have the chance to win some of this gear
and so that's the deal over now see you
next time bye